{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}MS Mincho{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f36\fmodern\fcharset128\fprq1{\*\panose 02020609040205080304}@MS Mincho;}
{\f118\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f119\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f121\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f122\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f123\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f124\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f125\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f126\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f138\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f139\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f141\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f142\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f143\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f144\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f145\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f146\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}
{\f230\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 MS Mincho Western{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f228\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 MS Mincho CE{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f229\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 MS Mincho Cyr{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f231\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 MS Mincho Greek{\*\falt MS ??};}
{\f232\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 MS Mincho Tur{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f235\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 MS Mincho Baltic{\*\falt MS ??};}{\f480\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 @MS Mincho Western;}{\f478\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 @MS Mincho CE;}
{\f479\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 @MS Mincho Cyr;}{\f481\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 @MS Mincho Greek;}{\f482\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 @MS Mincho Tur;}{\f485\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 @MS Mincho Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \b\i\fs36\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \styrsid9897574 Plain Text;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3425639\rsid9897574\rsid10247991\rsid11885569}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.3416;}{\info{\title FIRST MORSEL }
{\author microsoft}{\operator gbn}{\creatim\yr2002\mo8\dy31\hr19\min36}{\revtim\yr2002\mo8\dy31\hr19\min36}{\printim\yr1999\mo7\dy29\hr13\min24}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages21}{\nofwords4282}{\nofchars24414}{\*\company UNC}{\nofcharsws28639}
{\vern16453}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1980\margr1646 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\oldas\rsidroot9897574 \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qj \fi-270\li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9897574 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\fs2\insrsid9897574 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9897574 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\dbch\af11\insrsid9897574 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg EBook of 
\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Praetor\loch\af2\dbch\af11\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 s Lunch\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 , by Dom
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ** This is a COPYRIGHTED Project Gutenberg eBook, Details Below **
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **     Please follow the copyright guidelines in this file.     **
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 L.M. Wong
\par }{\dbch\af11\insrsid9897574\charrsid7031968 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Dommy dominaeprimus@yahoo.com}{\dbch\af11\insrsid9897574 
\par }{\dbch\af11\insrsid9897574\charrsid7031968 
\par }{\dbch\af11\insrsid9897574 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This header should be the first thing seen when viewing this \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg file.  Please do not remove it.  Do not change or edit the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 header without written permission.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please read the "legal small print," and other information about the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 eBook and Project Gutenberg at the bottom of this file.  Included is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 impor\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 tant information about your specific rights and restrictions in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 how the file may be used.  You can also find out about how to make a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 donation to Project Gutenberg, and how to get involved.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **Welcome To The World of Free Plain Vanilla Electronic Texts**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **eBooks Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *****These eBooks Were Prepared By Thousands of Volunteers!*****
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Title: \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Praetor\loch\af2\dbch\af11\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 s Lunch
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Author: Dom
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Release Date: \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 May\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 , 2004  [EBook #\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 5766\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [Yes, we are more than one year ahead of schedule]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [Th\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 is file was first posted on July 1, 2002]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Edition: 10
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Language: English
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Character set encoding: ASCII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK, }{\dbch\af11\insrsid3425639 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PRAETOR\loch\af2\dbch\af11\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 S LUNCH}{\dbch\af11\insrsid9897574 
\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  ***
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by L.M. Wong
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9897574 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\b\i\fs36\insrsid9897574 \page }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\fs36\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\insrsid3034094 PRAETOR\rquote S LUNCH 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin2160\itap0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\b\i\fs36\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\i\fs36\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\insrsid3034094 By DOM
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi1800\li1080\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\b\i\fs36\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \qj \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs32\insrsid3034094 The ancient magistrate is having lunch at noon and these are our attempts at capturing his thoughts in the midst of dining.
\par Thoughts are expressed in both verse and prose form.
\par Take this morsel by morsel.}{\fs36\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\b\fs36\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par FIRST MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
We wish an end to war with promises and hopes of peace. We wish for peace ,we prepare for war. We threaten peace of others with war. We rouse ourselves with the cry to arms. In peace or war we are restless. In peace we amuse ourselves by sparring and warg
ames .In war we sing our lamentations of peace.
\par What are we ? A warlike race intent on keeping an empire with abundance .At the same time advance in all directions with our might.
\par The horns of bulls are never far from another warring bull\rquote s tips. When reins are loosened, gates thrown wide ,beasts lunge forth and lock horns again.
\par Mars. Venus. Ares. Aphrodite. Their temples are extremes. We invoke their benison at
\par various stages of life.
\par Nature. Choice. Reason. They hatch outcome. We\rquote re capable of breathing l
ife force and personify the two exorbitant passions. There is another passion but its sedateness hardly qualifies it for that intense term. It is more an affliction. We are within range of it too. This frigid indifference.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 SECOND MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par All will have their day. The thwarted, triumphant. The Gods ,their final say. All will be, whatever they may be. What soothsayers are privy to ,what the oracle withholds.
\par The gods intervene, they alter destinies. It all rests on the will of the Being who wields the armoury of Nature and reins of the universe.
\par Miltiades and Alexander crushed the might of armed Persian pride. Marathon and Salamis undid Darius and Xerxes.
\par Patroclus wasn\rquote t meant to sack Troy. Struck by Apollo, slain by Hector.
\par Menelaus could have slain Paris but his sword broke. Paris though defeated was spared by Aphrodite who returned him to Trojan lines.
\par Pandarus\rquote  arrow injured Agamemnon . That one arrow aggravated the wounds of
\par Greeks. Troy was meant to fall .
\par Poseidon shielded Aeneas from the furious sword of Achilles. Rome was meant to be.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 THIRD MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 View of evening and morning are crowning achievements of nature\rquote s light and shadow play. The rest of the day is a hiatus between splendour. We need to live through and endure the r
est of it like life. Between glory and triumph, there are those simple times which we seldom note or cherish. Times  of neither sadness or gladness. Existential. Not piquant vividness of  acute alertness.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 FOURTH MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 To bear the fruits of vic
tory and to have the muscle of vanquished people, the state has to continually nurture a nation of courageous loyal  citizens. Conquest has to be maintained, watched by ever vigilant sentries and keepers. The state neither needs nor reveres idlers whose b
usiness is to indulge themselves in Bacchanalian excesses on account of their ancestry to heroes of preceding generations.
\par 
\par Lawmakers duel with wit, logic and words while the war machine duels with tools
\par of the army .Laws made or repealed as fearless scions fight for aspirations of a greater state.
\par To safeguard the abundance of far flung regions brought for the enjoyment of the homeland. Have the names of conquerors venerated by the conquered people.
\par Have kings, queens and chieftains of unknown lands pay tribute to the imperial 
\par standard.
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 FIFTH MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 Two friends. They talk of things past, of bets against each other. They laud things, condemn a few and lampoon absurdities.
\par They try things out , chalk up mutual experiences .Argue in good humour.
\par They are both the core of their world. All else backdrops. There are friendships
\par which rival or surpass the closeness of blood relations. 
\par Other lives about them are ambience to their drama of life. All that the world holds
\par enrich their learning. They have their own company to increase their happiness.
\par They help themselves and with relish exhaust the time granted.}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par SIXTH MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par Morning recedes.
\par Noon emerges.
\par 
\par Up on the bridge ,the cobbled passage below, the sun nigh. Breeze blows mildly.
\par Dries noon swelter dry. A column on the march .At the outskirts of the garrison town, clatter of horses, armed men of war and metal are accustomed sounds ,
\par familiar sights.
\par Javelins high , tips glinting. Clear without scarlet stains of battle or rust of war.
\par Chins up. Feet in perfect stride. Sturdy steps in unison.
\par Bouncing blades , sheathed in their scabbards. Jangling armour as leather soles
\par stamp the stone tiled road.
\par Neighing mounts , tasselled reins, governed by their masters, they gallop obediently.
\par Shields glint. Their helmets of war inject ferocity to their visages.
\par 
\par Meridian peaks.
\par Morn recedes.
\par 
\par The proud standard borne by its bearer. Beast\rquote s paws knotted at his chest.
\par Beast\rquote s maw agape from the top of his helmet till rear curvature of his neck.
\par Fangs in line with temples. His cohorts , the horn blowers ride nearby.
\par The visibility and density of dyed tufts discern common soldier from centurion,
\par centurion from officer.
\par Red cloaks clasped and drape imperiously over backs of the empire\rquote s officials. Saddled snugly atop their mounts, towards destination ,advance.
\par To the horizon ,another outpost awaits them. Keeping their presence seen and
\par felt. Mere manoeuvres .Necessary routine.
\par Town square forums and resthouses. Aqueducts and baths of villas. They must forego 
\par these comforts. They are duty bound for now.
\par 
\par Daylight recedes.
\par Evening emerges.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 SEVENTH  MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par Prosperity has many friends and many envious schemers who duck  at blind corners .
\par Comrades and kin trumpet deeds . Generosity towards common masses too gains favour .We\rquote ll know it when the market place speak of none but the doer .
\par To detractors, motives are questioned  unflaggingly .
\par Any hint of misdemeanour or misstep , the forum echoes with it with the zeal equalled
\par only by the homecoming of a victor crowned with honours  except it\rquote s ill distinction 
\par and not exalted honour.
\par Whisperings at public baths , hastened steps towards or away from the object of their 
\par speculation .
\par Some will speak well of them. Some will be too distant to know them well enough to
\par dislike or to be fond  of with conviction  sprung  from  familiarity. Prosperity puts  a 
\par person on  different plain yet this dagger is just as sharp on both sides for the one is
\par also vulnerable to the critical eye of scrutiny.
\par Doubts, beliefs , suspicions and truths  addled  with  syllables  which make a name.
\par Common populace , will they choose to know the truth and live with the measure of 
\par a human being or swallow myth and live with the flight of  legend ?
\par That shall be determined by conduct , attainments , favourable circumstances and an orator\rquote s persuasive logic.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs144\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 EIGHTH  MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 Fear their leaders more than their faceless enemies . Guard the standard as if it were 
\par one\rquote s life .A source of pride to be defended. In all manner of weather or even in peace
\par the play of battle fills the gap of idleness.
\par Hardened muscles are not to grow soft and feeble.
\par 
\par Barbaric tribes of east and west. Threats to outer reaches of reign. There our garrisons cannot rest their tools . Craggy mountains and treacherous forests are home to nomadic tribes which live to hunt and plunder , wild like their wilderness dwellings.

\par They have neither patience nor skill to cultivate the land. They are not of that ilk.
\par 
\par Cities and orderliness are strange to them. They are curiosities amongst us .We are game in their company. 
\par They see our numbers and strength .They do not venture forth . An uneasy peace
\par simply broken by the party which is the  first to charge ,  cry out and first to snatch  their arms out of their housing .
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 NINTH  MORSEL}{\i\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094  
\par 
\par }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 \'93Quot homines tot sententiae.\'94 
\par So many people so many opinions. The voice of the leader slices across the indiscernible chatter. All persuading , nobly commanding . A clear voice brings with it a defined course. The rest obey , they lack the chief\rquote s possessions.
\par \'93Qualis Rex talis grex\'94. Such is the leader , such is the people.
\par One\rquote s virtues are taken note of .The  most ardent admirers mold themselves  to that manner. What their leaders do and and do not. Whatever those venerated say or withhold. There are imitators  , emulators , travesty  smiths. 
\par Once in a while , one or a small band of them rise to remold status quo. A  wave is hatched and unleashed .It becomes an acceptable convention.
\par It is the manner of people that which is proven will be used till the spring is parched 
\par or when something superior is offered and that offering tickles their longing.
\par Far easier to remain constant than alter a course. Given the disposition toward ease , the well trodden tempts .Yet heed well that it is the passage of tribulation where  the
\par coronet of glory and honour rests on the head of those who are uncowed .They shall
\par find that fame latches  like their own skin to their name .
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\insrsid3034094  }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 TENTH  MORSEL}{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par We who hold the torch
\par We must be patient
\par Decorum requires it
\par The pride of a legion
\par lives within its standard
\par one standard bearer bears
\par sacrament of cohorts
\par 
\par 
\par We who hold the torch 
\par We must be patient
\par Decorum requires it
\par One official\rquote s carriage
\par personifies the rest
\par one written inscription
\par ultimate seal of fate
\par 
\par 
\par We who hold the torch
\par We must be patient
\par Decorum requires it
\par Make way for those better
\par while we wait with patience
\par allow them the better seats
\par their merit exceed  ours
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 ELEVENTH  MORSEL
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 I am not one to dispute the will of  God ,
\par divine will becomes our lot ,
\par but I question the logic of some .
\par Foolish is the soul who enters the place ,
\par who announces his innermost desires ,
\par swears a gift in return ,
\par should they be fulfilled , 
\par by divine consent ,
\par upon his earthly cares ,
\par mortal souls have none to offer better ,
\par than the rewards of paradise ,
\par what are our trappings to heaven ,
\par when it is God who grants ?
\par It is not worship or invocation ,
\par it is a wager posed by hubris ,
\par displace pomposity and affectation ,
\par come in a penitent pose ,
\par humility warrants attention ,
\par or else snuff the lamp ,
\par take the oil elsewhere .
\par 
\par 
\par I am not one to dispute the will of God ,
\par divine will becomes our lot ,
\par but I question the right of tyrants .
\par Charred cities after their sacking ,
\par the cries of dependent humanity ,
\par sent to feed searing flames ,
\par the weak , meek and lame ,
\par no daylight dawns again ,
\par a winding trail of chains and clubs ,
\par the gathered wounded  ; conquered ,
\par these tyrants do not govern ,
\par they seize and consume their fill ,
\par then hunger rumbles again ,
\par they repeat their atrocities ,
\par till the Fates pluck them .
\par For each tyrant  reaped ,
\par by droves victims precede them ,
\par their number exceed sacrificial offerings ,
\par made to appease wrathful spirits ,
\par or custom of ceremony ,
\par of a deity worshipped .                                              }{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par TWELFTH  MORSEL
\par 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 Our moments of glory
\par a lifetime to remember
\par fair token of youth\rquote s vigour
\par 
\par Carve now before the die sets
\par while still new and pliable
\par when it dries your mark stays
\par hardened and nobly set
\par surpassing life of wilted crowns
\par a monument in your honour
\par 
\par Our moments of glory
\par a lifetime to remember
\par come pay heed to youth\rquote s prayer
\par 
\par We won\rquote t be here to bother
\par having surpassed such worries
\par earthborn to earth it goes
\par like Assyrian ruins
\par to those with merits deserving
\par God and kind Fortune preserve them
\par 
\par Our moments of glory
\par a lifetime to remember
\par mementos of youth\rquote s flower
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par  
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\b\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par THIRTEENTH  MORSEL
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par A peasant who wishes for more
\par changes his plough for arms
\par The army has loyal farmers
\par with absent fathers away far
\par 
\par Children of empire\rquote s troops
\par though honoured their father\rquote s name
\par they hardly know the man well
\par though his name they proudly bear
\par 
\par Years abroad have rendered fathers
\par estranged from families and friends
\par yet love and regard still remain
\par after gaps of years and distance
\par 
\par A peasant who wishes for more
\par changes his plough for arms
\par fertile fields left idle
\par while we take grain from conquered lands
\par 
\par For children whom fathers left
\par when they were too young to recall
\par esteem comes to their hearts prior
\par before the warmth of filial love
\par 
\par At long last parted faces meet again
\par strange and familiar strange yet familiar
\par they rekindle ties and retell tidings
\par memories and previous habits return
\par 
\par Fertile fields left idle
\par while we take grain from conquered lands
\par the army has its own farmers
\par with absent fathers battling far
\par 
\par Families once again reunited
\par when warriors in togas turn civilians
\par their children venture and nestle gladly
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 FOURTEENTH  MORSEL
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par \'93De mortuis nil nisi bonum\'94
\par speak well of the departed
\par or else do not speak at all .
\par The now sacred departed
\par immune to our rebuke
\par rejoice with their memory.
\par 
\par \'93De mortuis nil nisi bonum\'94
\par speak well of the departed
\par or else do not speak at all .
\par Allow their good part live on
\par they have gone beyond the gates
\par those whom we regard dearly.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 FIFTEENTH  MORSEL}{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par What draws us to oracles ?
\par Those structures where we worship ,
\par The place where future unfolds ,
\par For those who are uncertain ,
\par Gripped by Trouble\rquote s tentacles .
\par 
\par 
\par What draws us to oracles ?
\par Priests and priestesses reveal ,
\par With omniscience in their being ,
\par With eyes of the temple gods ,
\par Free from earthly manacles .
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi270\li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par SIXTEENTH  MORSEL}{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par There is nothing loathsome , 
\par in learning from others ,
\par with elders and with peers ,
\par we shared experiences ,
\par treasures of our  youth ,
\par amusing  in retrospect .
\par 
\par It is the matter\rquote s worth 
\par the source dictates not choice
\par progress comes not from disdain
\par to live we nourish the form
\par to advance we emulate
\par the source dictates not choice
\par It is the matter\rquote s worth
\par 
\par If they should enrich us ,
\par ennoble the manner ,
\par magnify happiness ,
\par increase our contentment ,
\par in learning from others ,
\par there is nothing loathsome .
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 SEVENTEENTH  MORSEL
\par 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 For common good and for own glory 
\par a seat in the senate
\par For  common cause and own aspirations
\par a seat in the senate
\par For power over destinies for by themselves  they'll drown
\par a seat in the senate
\par For a hand in fate and privilege to avert a few unpleasantries
\par a seat in the senate
\par For the pristine tunic and the challenge to keep it unsoiled
\par a seat in the senate
\par For rhetoric comes with  quandaries of office 
\par a seat in the senate
\par The toga is equal in prestige with the weight of armour
\par a seat in the senate}{\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par 
\par EIGHTEENTH  MORSEL
\par 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 Arena gladiators
\par with their lives amuse us
\par liberty bought with blood
\par the last one is set free.
\par 
\par Slaves of silver mines
\par they crawl in tunnels dark
\par they live with the terror
\par of cave-ins and landslides .
\par  
\par Privilege of victory
\par marked by thriving slavery
\par of  people subjugated.
\par 
\par The nameless galley slaves
\par unpaid naval oarsmen
\par chained to oars in battle
\par live or drown with the ship.
\par 
\par Slaves who serve the household
\par by bonded servitude
\par are bound to their masters
\par for their food and lodging.
\par 
\par Our state's territory
\par with empire's history
\par adorned with places conquered.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 NINETEENTH  MORSEL}{\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs24\insrsid3034094 
\par PORTION  I
\par 
\par callow upstarts
\par those who dare advise
\par hindrances  to them
\par 
\par callow upstarts
\par heedless of counsel
\par unfelled by the mace
\par uncut by the blade
\par young and rash
\par 
\par callow upstarts
\par they shall not avert
\par except the obvious
\par 
\par 
\par PORTION  II
\par 
\par To the philosopher
\par thoughts and writings
\par are his close friends
\par he sees to needs
\par he then dotes on
\par work and study
\par 
\par To the philosopher
\par thoughts and writings
\par are his dear friends
\par exile\rquote s release
\par from sycophants
\par wary of him
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi720\li2160\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin2160\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 TWENTIETH   MORSEL
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 Emotion in the thick of bandying
\par Eloquence is reduced to instinct
\par The will to survive repeats in mind
\par Asserts itself amidst the bedlam
\par Barbaric ululations and cries
\par Enemy\rquote s breath and blows on the flesh
\par Attack..defend..retaliate..avenge
\par Advance..retreat..encircle..scatter
\par There is no room to mourn the fallen
\par While in the midst of war\rquote s grim reaping
\par Those destined to live long and see much
\par Shall live and thrive long after youth\rquote s bloom .
\par 
\par }{\b\fs24\ul\insrsid3034094 
\par TWENTY  FIRST  MORSEL
\par 
\par }{\fs24\insrsid3034094 One class wash clothing
\par inside common pools
\par with scent and reek of others\rquote  washing
\par One class have clothing
\par cleaned inside clear pools
\par water stored in lavish amphoraes
\par Disparity exists
\par even in the city of the world
\par 
\par A part of the city
\par is alive when the sun is out
\par A part of the city
\par languishes in darkness at dusk
\par The beast of disparity
\par also dwells and lurks in Rome
\par 
\par Garrisons guard borders ever vigilantly
\par behind stone slabs of sturdy fortress walls
\par But it is  too risky to take a walk at night
\par in the city without armed entourage
\par One quarter boasts stone and marble
\par One quarter built from brick and wood
\par Disparity exists
\par even in the city of the world
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3425639 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid3425639 \page }{\dbch\af11\insrsid3425639 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK, }{\dbch\af11\insrsid11885569 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PRAETOR\loch\af2\dbch\af11\hich\f2 \rquote \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 S LUNCH}{\dbch\af11\insrsid3425639 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 *****}{\dbch\af11\insrsid11885569 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **This file should be named dompr\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 10.txt or dompr}{\dbch\af11\insrsid3425639 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 10.zip *******
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks get a new NUMBER, domna11.zip
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We are now trying to release all our eBooks one year in advance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 of the official release dates, leaving time for better editing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please be encouraged to tell \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 us about any error or corrections,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 even years after the official publication date.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please note neither this listing nor its contents are final til
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 midnight of the last day of the month of any such announcement.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The official release date of all Project Gut\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 enberg eBooks is at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Midnight, Central Time, of the last day of the stated month.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 preliminary version may often be posted for suggestion, comment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 and editing by those who wish to do so.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Most people start at our sites at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://gutenberg.net or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://p\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 romo.net/pg
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 These Web sites include award-winning information about Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg, including how to donate, how to help produce our new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 eBooks, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Those of you who want to download any eBook before \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 announcement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 can get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 also a good way to get them instantly upon announcement, as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 indexes our cataloguers produce obviously take a while after an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 announcement goes out in the Project Gutenberg News\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 letter.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext03 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ftp://ftp.ibiblio.org/pub/docs/books/gutenberg/etext03
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Or /etext02, 01, 00, 99, 98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Just search by the first five letters of the filename you want,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 as it appears in our Newsletters.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Information about Project Gutenberg (one page)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We produce about two million dollars for each hour we work.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 time it takes us, a rather conservative estimate, is fifty hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to get any eBook selected, entered, proofr\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ead, edited, copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 projected audience is one hundred million readers.  If the value
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 per text is nominally estimated at one dollar then we produce $2
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 million dollars per hour in 2001 as we\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  release over 50 new eBook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 files per month, or 500 more eBooks in 2000 for a total of 4000+
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If they reach just 1-2% of the world's population then the total
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 should reach over 300 billion eBooks given away by year's end.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Goal of Project Gutenberg is to\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  Give Away One Trillion eBook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Files by December 31, 2001.  [10,000 x 100,000,000 = 1 Trillion]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This is ten thousand titles each to one hundred million readers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 which is only about 4% of the present number of computer users.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 At our revised rates of product\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ion, we will reach only one-third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 of that goal by the end of 2001, or about 4,000 eBooks.  We need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 funding, as well as continued efforts by volunteers, to maintain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or increase our production and reach our goals.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The P\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 roject Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to secure a future for Project Gutenberg into the next millennium.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 As of February, 2002, contributions are being solicited from people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 and organizations in: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Connectic\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ut,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Car\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 olina, Ohio,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Virginia, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We have filed in all 50 states now, but these are the only ones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 that hav\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 e responded.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 As the requirements for other states are met, additions to this list
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 will be made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please feel free to ask to check the status of your state.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 In answer to various questions we have receive\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 d on this:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We are constantly working on finishing the paperwork to legally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 request donations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 you would like to know if we have added it since the list you have,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 just ask.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 While\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  we cannot solicit donations from people in states where we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 not yet registered, we know of no prohibition against accepting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 donations from donors in these states who approach us with an offer to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 donate.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 International donations are accepted, but we don\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 't know ANYTHING about
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 how to make them tax-deductible, or even if they CAN be made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 deductible, and don't have the staff to handle it even if there are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ways.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Donations by check or money order may be sent to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PMB 113
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 1739 University Ave.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Oxford, MS 38655-4109
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Contact us if you want to arrange for a wire transfer or payment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 method other than by check or money order.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been approved by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 the US Internal Revenue \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Service as a 501(c)(3) organization with EIN
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [Employee Identification Number] 64-622154.  Donations are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 tax-deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.  As fund-raising
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 requirements for other states are met, additions to this list will be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 made and f\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 und-raising will begin in the additional states.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We need your donations more than ever!
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 You can get up to date donation information online at:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 http://www.gutenberg.net/donation.html
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If you can't reach Project Gutenberg,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 you can always email direct\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ly to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Michael S. Hart <hart@pobox.com>
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Prof. Hart will answer or forward your message.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 We would prefer to send you information by email.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 **Information prepared by the Project Gutenberg legal advisor**
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 (Three Pages)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ***START** SMALL PRINT! for COPYRI\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 GHT PROTECTED EBOOKS ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 TITLE AND COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 NATURAE by Dom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 L.M. Wong
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 This eBook is distributed by Professor Michael S. Hart through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Association (the "Project") under the "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg" trademark and with the permission of the eBook's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 copyright owner.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Please do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 any commercial products without permission.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 LICENSE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 You can (and are encouraged!) to copy and distribute this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Proj\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ect Gutenberg-tm eBook.  Since, unlike many other of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project's eBooks, it is copyright protected, and since the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 materials and methods you use will effect the Project's reputation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 your right to copy and distribute it is limited by the copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 laws an\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 d by the conditions of this "Small Print!" statement.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2   [A]  ALL COPIES: You may distribute copies of this eBook
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 electronically or on any machine readable medium now known
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or hereafter discovered so long as you:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (1)  Honor the refund and replacement\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  provisions of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 "Small Print!" statement; and
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (2)  Pay a royalty to the Foundation of 20% of the gross
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 profits you derive calculated using the method you already use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to calculate your applicable taxes.  If you don't derive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 profits, no royalty is \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 due.  Royalties are payable to "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation" within the 60 days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 following each date you prepare (or were legally required
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to prepare) your annual (or equivalent periodic) tax return.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2   [B]  EXACT AND MODIFIED COPIES: The copies you distribute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 must either be exact copies of this eBook, including this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Small Print statement, or can be in binary, compressed, mark-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 up, or proprietary form (including any form resulting from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 word processing o\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 r hypertext software), so long as *EITHER*:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (1)  The eBook, when displayed, is clearly readable, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 does *not* contain characters other than those intended by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 author of the work, although tilde (~), asterisk (*) and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 underline (_) characters may \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 be used to convey punctuation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 intended by the author, and additional characters may be used
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 to indicate hypertext links; OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (2)  The eBook is readily convertible by the reader at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 expense into plain ASCII, EBCDIC or equivalent form by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 program t\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 hat displays the eBook (as is the case, for instance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 with most word processors); OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2      (3)  You provide or agree to provide on request at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 additional cost, fee or expense, a copy of the eBook in plain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ASCII.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 his eBook may contain a "Defect" in the form of incomplete,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or other infringement, a defective or damaged disk, computer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 virus, or codes that damage or cannot be read by your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 equipment.  But for the "Right of Replacement or Refund"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 described below, the Project (and any other party you may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 receive this eBook from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 disclaims all liability to you for damages, costs and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 expenses, including legal fees\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 , and YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 NEGLIGENCE OR UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 WARRANTY OR CONTRACT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 I\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 f you discover a Defect in this eBook within 90 days of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 time to the person you received it from.  If you received it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 on a physical mediu\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 m, you must return it with your note, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 copy.  If you received it electronically, such person may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 choose to alternatively give you a second opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 receive it electronically.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 THIS EBO\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 OK IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS".  NO OTHER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 TO THE EBOOK OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Some\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2  states do not allow disclaimers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 consequential damages, so the above disclaimers and exclusions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 may not apply to you, and you may have other legal rights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 INDEMNITY
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 You will indemn\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ify and hold Michael Hart and the Foundation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 with the production and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 texts harmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 legal fees, that arise dir\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ectly or indirectly from any of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 following that you do or cause:  [1] distribution of this eBook,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 [2] alteration, modification, or addition to the eBook,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 or [3] any Defect.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 WHAT IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg i\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 s dedicated to increasing the number of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 in machine readable form.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 The Project gratefully accepts contributions of money, time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 public domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 Mon\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 ey should be paid to the:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 If you are interested in contributing scanning equipment or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 software or other items, please contact Michael Hart at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 hart@pobox.com
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\nooverflow\faroman\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3425639 \fs20\lang2057\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp1033 {\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af11\insrsid3425639 \hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 
*SMALL PRINT! Ver.03.17.02 FOR COPYRIGHT PROTE\hich\af2\dbch\af11\loch\f2 CTED EBOOKS*END*}{\b\insrsid3034094 
\par }}